Ksonnet docs (#2503)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/installation/tanka.md

```bash
go get -u github.com/jsonnet-bundler/jsonnet-bundler/cmd/jb
jb init
jb install github.com/grafana/loki/production/ksonnet/loki
jb install github.com/grafana/loki/production/ksonnet/promtail
```

> Since we use some as of yet non GA features, please override the `lib/k.libsonnet` with the following. This step won't be necessary in a future tanka release.
> 
> ```jsonnet
> (import 'github.com/jsonnet-libs/k8s-alpha/1.14/main.libsonnet')
> + (import 'github.com/jsonnet-libs/k8s-alpha/1.14/extensions/kausal-shim.libsonnet')
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: As of 2020-08-13 we use some as of yet non GA features, please override the `lib/k.libsonnet` with the following. This step will likely not be necessary in future tanka releases.

```jsonnet
(import 'github.com/jsonnet-libs/k8s-alpha/1.14/main.libsonnet')
+ (import 'github.com/jsonnet-libs/k8s-alpha/1.14/extensions/kausal-shim.libsonnet')
```

```
